Next we want to style our components.
There are a few different options and ways
that we can do this.
And I've had kind of varying degrees of success
which is why you would have seen
that I already include like a default style sheet
one that doesn't have any processing going on.
And because I'm not a big fan of lots of build tools
I tend to gravitate towards this approach
of having an external style sheet.
However, I do enjoy the benefits of using
preprocessors like Less and SCSS.
And they're useful, right?
So out of the box Next comes with
something it calls Styled JSX.
And it basically works where you embed your CSS styles
inside of the lock components.
It's not quite the component 'cause you can
go all the way deep within the tree.
But let's have a look at this talk here.
So what we're gonna do is we're just
gonna make the twitter handle bold.
Just as a really simple example.
So I can add style and then JSX
and we pass in an object which contains a string.
And this is as simple as doing,
we're gonna make the font weight 800,
hit save, and there we go it's made our link bold.
And what's happened here is it's used,
Next has included this styled JSX framework
and it scopes this bit of CSS to just this p tag.
Okay so it means that not, that just this anchor
within this component is gonna be bold.
Now if I wanted to apply that to all links
that we'd want up here as well I can do global.
'Kay so this is where it doesn't always work for me
so you can see these links haven't gone bold up here.
If I hit refresh you can see now they've gone bold.
So style components don't always inject for me.
Other people have had more success.
And the other thing is that you need to make sure
you have things like syntax highlighting
or the correct kind of plugin
for the style components to work here.
Otherwise your JSX becomes a mess.
And yeah I sometimes see errors with this as well.
So if I'm putting a fragment in here,
so I'm gonna wrap that speaker element in a fragment.
(mumbes) fragment.
I'm just gonna move the styled elements
just a little higher up.
I started to see some problems down here.
(mumbles) I'm just gonna do font family monospace.
There's other things like you loose,
I'm loosing the auto-complete.
But this is the error that I've seen before.
I'm not too sure where it exists.
I am on a stable version of,
or I thought I was on a stable version of Next,
but I've seen this in stable versions and unstable versions.
Hit refresh, it works.
And it seems to be kind of like on a flip-flop
or to do with fragments, I'm not sure.
So anyway that is one way of doing it.
You can see that when I wasn't using a fragment
it was pretty stable.
And that'll give you styles inside
of your components and every scoped components.
What I wanna show you next
is how to use an import statement
with CSS or with SASS or Less.